flag pods that are non isolated (#206)
stackrox/kube-linter: docs/generated/checks.md

{}
```

## non-isolated-pod

**Enabled by default**: No

> **Description**: Alert on deployment-like objects that are not selected by any networkpolicy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description**: Alert on deployment-like objects that are not selected by any NetworkPolicy.
```

> **Remediation**: Ensure pod does not accept unsafe traffic by isolating it with a networkpolicy object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Remediation**: Ensure pod does not accept unsafe traffic by isolating it with a NetworkPolicy. See https://cloud.redhat.com/blog/guide-to-kubernetes-ingress-network-policies for more details.
```
